Upgrade to OTel v0.116.0 (#2314)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.processor.span.md

Reviewer: While we have this one open... the anchor links to `to_attributes` block are broken. The link definition on line 64 should be `[to-attributes]: #to_attributes-block`.  If we fix it here the other broken links to this block should start to resolve correctly.

Reviewer 2: done!

match. If it is `false`, rule processing will continue to be performed over the
modified span name.

> If `keep_original_name` is `true`, the original span name will be kept.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `keep_original_name` is `true`, the original span name is kept.
```

> If it is `false`, it will be replaced with the placeholders of the captured attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is `false`, the span name is replaced with the placeholders of the captured attributes.
```

}
```

### Keep the original span name

> This example will add the same new `"documentId"="12345678"` attribute as the previous example.
> However, it will now result in an unchanged span name (/api/v1/document/12345678/update).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds the same new `"documentId"="12345678"` attribute as the previous example.
However, the span name is unchanged (/api/v1/document/12345678/update).
```
